Create README.md (#4)
mxenabled/ios-connect-demo: README.md

# MXConnect Demo iOS App
This is a simple application that shows how to get started with embedding Connect into an iOS application.

## How to download and use the demo app
1. Clone the repo: `git clone git@github.com:mxenabled/ios-connect-demo.git`.
2. Open the xcode project in xcode.
3. [Get a widget URL.](https://docs.mx.com/api#request_a_connect_url)
4. Copy the URL and paste it into the `ConnectController.swift->viewDidLoad()` method.
5. Run the application.

### Getting the widget URL
The most important thing to remember when implementing Connect in a WebView is that the widget talks talks to the iOS app through navigation events, *not* postMessages. When you embed Connect directly in a WebView, there are three [configuration options]() you'll need to set to make sure this communication happens properly:
- `is_mobile_webview: true`
- `ui_message_webview_url_scheme: <your scheme>`
- `ui_message_version: 4`

> When the widget is configured as above, it sends it's postMessages via navigation events in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the widget is configured as above, it sends postMessages via navigation events in the following format:
```

# MXConnect Demo iOS App

> This is a simple application that shows how to get started with embedding an Connect into an iOS application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple application that shows how to get started with embedding an Connect into an iOS application.
```

> This is a simple application that shows how to get started with embedding an Connect into an iOS application

Reviewer 2: there is an extra `an` before `Connect`

> ## Quick Start

Reviewer: I've always disliked "Quick Start" as a section heading, mostly because quick is subjective and often not true. I'd go with this:

```suggestion
## How to download and use the demo app
```

> 1. Clone the repo. `git clone git@github.com:mxenabled/ios-connect-demo.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the repo: `git clone git@github.com:mxenabled/ios-connect-demo.git`.
```

2. Open the xcode project in xcode.
3. [Get a widget URL.](https://docs.mx.com/api#request_a_connect_url)
4. Copy the URL and paste it into the `ConnectController.swift->viewDidLoad()` method.
5. Run the application.

### Getting the widget URL

> The core concept around implementing Connect in an webview is how the widget talks to the iOS app. When you embed Connect directly in a webview, there are 3 [configuration options]() you need to set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important thing to remember when implementing Connect in a WebView is that the widget talks talks to the iOS app through navigation events, *not* postMessages. When you embed Connect directly in a WebView, there are three [configuration options]() you'll need to set to make sure this communication happens properly:
```

- `is_mobile_webview: true`
- `ui_message_webview_url_scheme: <your scheme>`
- `ui_message_version: 4`

> When the widget is configured with the above, it sends it's postmessages via navigation events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the widget is configured as above, it sends it's postMessages via navigation events in the following format:
```

`window.location = <your scheme>://<event><metadata>`

> It is *imperative* that your native application intercept *all* navigation events. In addition to the widget events, the widget also has links to bank and institution sites. You will want to intercept these and handle them accordingly.
> Failure to do so may result in your webview being replaced by the link or url event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is *imperative* that your native application intercept *all* navigation events. In addition to the widget events, the widget also has links to bank and/or financial institution sites. You will want to intercept these and handle them accordingly. Failure to do so may result in your WebView being replaced by the link or URL event.
```

> You can see an example of handing events in `ConnectController.swift->webView(:decidePolicyFor:decisionHandler:)` method.

Reviewer: Is there a way to link to the sections of the code you mention throughout?

```suggestion
You can see an example of handing events in the `ConnectController.swift->webView(:decidePolicyFor:decisionHandler:)` method.
```

Author: I thought about this, but am a little worried that those links will change. I guess it is ultimately better though.

Author: I added links to all of the code parts.

### Handling OAuth

> OAuth in mobile webviews *requires* your app to facilitate the redirect out to the OAuth provider and to accept redirects back to your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth in mobile WebViews *requires* your app to facilitate the redirect out to the OAuth provider and to accept redirects back to your app.
```

See the `ConnectController.swift->handleOauthRedirect(payload:)` method for an example of how to get the user to the provider.

> See the `Info.plist` on an example of setting up the URL types for your app to respond to when MX links back to your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the `Info.plist` file for an example of how to set up the URL types your app must respond to when MX links back to you.
```

> See the [OAuth in webviews docs](https://docs.mx.com/api#dealing_with_oauth_in_webviews) for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [OAuth in WebViews docs](https://docs.mx.com/api#dealing_with_oauth_in_webviews) for more detail.
```
